Update service-gateway-onprem-manage-oracle.md (#4735)
MicrosoftDocs/powerbi-docs: powerbi-docs/connect-data/service-gateway-onprem-manage-oracle.md

<a name="install-the-oracle-client"></a>
## Connect to an Oracle database

To connect to an Oracle database with the on-premises data gateway, [download and install the 64-bit Oracle Client for Microsoft Tools (OCMT)](https://www.oracle.com/database/technologies/appdev/ocmt.html) on the computer running the gateway. 

Supported Oracle versions are: 
- Oracle Database Server 12c (12.1.0.2) and later
- Oracle Autonomous Database - all versions

> After you install and configure OCMT properly, you may use Power BI Desktop or another test client to verify correct installation and configuration on the gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you install and configure OCMT properly, you can use Power BI Desktop or another test client to verify the correct installation and configuration on the gateway.
```

## Add a data source

1. On the **New connection** screen for your on-premises data gateway, select **Oracle** for **Connection type**.

   :::image type="content" source="media/service-gateway-onprem-manage-oracle/add-data-source-oracle.png" alt-text="Screenshot of adding an Oracle data source to the gateway." :::

> 1. In **Server**, enter the name for the data source, such as your Oracle net service name (i.e., myADB_high) or Easy Connect Plus connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Server**, enter the name for the data source, such as your Oracle net service name (for example, myADB_high) or Easy Connect Plus connection string.
```

> 1. Under **Authentication method**, choose either **Windows** or **Basic**. Choose **Basic** if you plan to login as an Oracle database user. Then enter the credentials to use for this data source. Choose **Windows** when using Windows operating system authentication and with both the Oracle client and server running on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Authentication method**, choose either **Windows** or **Basic**. Choose **Basic** if you plan to log in as an Oracle database user. Then enter the credentials to use for this data source. Choose **Windows** when using Windows operating system authentication and with both the Oracle client and server running on Windows.
```
